---
title: TBD
date: "2026-01-31"
---

I think it makes a lot of sense to just keep track of what we're doing here day to day.


So I opened it up and said "Hey, let's get the tool calls not found bug fixed." and we did that

Then I was like "hey let's get this streaming" and we did that

Next up was making the ACP server output the correct response for tool calls, which was largely correct but we want to emulate kimi-cli's full feature set around the ACP client and we're on our way.

Then I got into creating skills for the agent and we added a few for testing the ACP server and for working with openhands.

Next up was making the ACP server output the correct response for tool calls, which was largely correct but we want to emulate kimi-cli's full feature set around the ACP client and we're on our way.

Then I got into creating skills for the agent and we added a few for testing the ACP server and for working with openhands.

I think we did some work on cancellation but that needs to be done more explicitly and with greater care.

The results are coming in discombobulated with tool calls showing up in session before the content finishes streaminig.  I'm feeling like I need to actually just start running openhands scripts like the iterative refinement one and work on a script to call the iterative refinement process on a big task list like I don't need to build this into ACP with first pass.

I need to get vscode working and update the system prompts of my fork of openhands to tell agents to search and fetch and add the playwright and web_search and fetch tools to the scripts that use openhands.

Yeah feeling like I need to do this more intentionally. Set it up to do with python hands off.

And the huge issue is persistence. I need a memory tool. I need to actually go in and add memory to the condenser. Make a custom condenser that stores 